Issue # 1065| Adding a block to the slider documentation (#1282)
magento/merchdocs: src/cms/page-builder-media-slider.md

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save</span> in the upper-right corner to close the _Edit Slide_ page.

### Add widget on a slide

> You can add any [widgets types]({% link cms/widget-types.md %}) to your slide in a page bilder stage with the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add any [widgets type]({% link cms/widget-types.md %}) to your slide in a Page Builder stage using the following steps:
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. [Create the widget] ({% link cms/widget-create.md %}) you want to see on a slide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Create the widget]({% link cms/widget-create.md %}) you want to see on a slide.
```

Author: Done ✅

1. Open the page, block, or dynamic block where you want to place the slider and expand the **Content** section.

1. In the Page Builder panel, expand **Media** and drag a **Slider** placeholder to a row, column, or tab on the stage.

> 1. Click in the slider container to display the [text editor]({% link cms/editor.md %}).
> 
> 1. In the text editor click the **Insert Widget** ![]({% link images/images-ee/insert-widget-icon.png  %})).

Reviewer: I would combine these to a single step and the widget icon already exists, so let's remove the new image file.

```suggestion
1. Click in the slider container to display the [text editor]({% link cms/editor.md %}) toolbar and click the _Insert Widget_ ![]({% link images/images/editor4-toolbar/btn-insert-widget.png  %})) icon.
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. Select the **Widget Type** you necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Widget Type** you need.
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. Specify the necessary settings (_Note:_ they are different for each widget).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Specify the settings, which are different depending on the type of widget
```

Author: Done ✅

   ![]({% link images/images-ee/insert-widget-to-slide-page.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Example of inserting widget on the slide_

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Insert Widget</span> in the upper-right corner.

> 1. Modify the other settings, as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify the other settings as needed.
```

Author: Done ✅

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save</span> in the upper-right corner.

   ![]({% link images/images-ee/inserting-widget-on-slide.png %}){: .zoom}

>    _Example of inserting widged on the slide_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _Example of inserted widget on the slide_
```

Author: Done ✅
